Update 2020 season changes (#567)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/wpilib-overview/new-for-2020.rst

- Small numbers will properly be shown in number fields using scientific notation.
- Allow widget titles to be hidden
- Added a documentation link in the about dropdown

> - Added text underneath describing the number slider value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added text underneath number slider to display the current value
```
